C# vs JavaScript:

In C Sharp (C#), the declaration of a class script is always shown, but in JavaScript, it is hidden and automatically applied inside the class. When creating a variable in C#, you must declare the type of variable it is, name it, and assign a variable; but JavaScript just creates a basic keyword "var" to declare the variable and then you simply name it.

Functions created in C# begin with naming a variable that will return from the function, or the word "void" for not returning anything. This is then followed by naming the function itself and assigning parameters (or arguments). Functions created in JavaScript begin with the keyword "function" and the name of the function, followed by parameters (arguments).

By default, the access modifier of a variable or function in C# is "private". The default for JavaScript is "public", though it is not directly stated in the code of JavaScript.

Conventions and Syntax:

"Coding Syntax" is the structure of the language. Some conventions are required for writing a specific language, such as C#. 

The "dot" operator (a period between words within code) differentiates between the larger function and the subsidiaries that it is running. An example is Debug.Log(). The "Debug" is the larger command, and the "Log" is the subcommand element that tells what exactly the command is doing. In this example, logging the variable, integer, etc. in the parentheses. This allows separation or access to key elements within a compound item.

The semicolon (;) is used to terminate statements, creating an end of line for the specific statement. Unlike in JavaScript, where it is good practice to put semicolons at the end of every line and statement, some lines in C# do not need a semicolon - like at the end of curly brackets, for instance. But everything within the braces will require a semicolon at the end to differentiate between the lines before and after it.

Indenting may not be "required", per se, but it is vital to creating code that is legible and presentable. It implies that certain lines are subject or subsidiary to the line above that is not indented.

Comments are just what you expect - comment notes written to yourself or others within the code. They must be written with "//" in front of the line so that they are not read as actual code when the program is running. They are just little notes to the person writing or reading the physical code. Using "/*" creates multiple lines of comments so you don't have to keep writing "//" with each individual line. You end it with "*/". 

Comments can also have a more functional use by disabling certain sections of code for editing or debugging. If a certain line doesn't seem to work, or you want to see what's working without it, you simply write "//" in front of the line to disable it without completely deleting it.
